#12953 Added Default Tests for Root and Homepage Pages in Wagtail Starter Projects (#12967)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/project_template.md

On production servers, we recommend that you only store secrets in ``local.py`` (such as API keys and passwords). This can save you headaches in the future if you are ever trying to debug why a server is behaving badly. If you are using multiple servers which need different settings then we recommend that you create a different ``production.py`` file for each one.
```

> ### Running and Writing Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Writing and running tests
```

Titles can just be sentence case as per the current convention in the docs, let's switch the words around also.

When you create a new project using `wagtail start`, there will be a set of basic tests included in the `home/tests.py` file.

These tests check:

-   If the _root `Page`_ (ID=1) is automatically created.

> -   If the _home `Page`_ is created as a child of the root page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   That the _home `Page`_ can be created as a child of the root page.
```

> -   If a `BlogIndexPage` (or other page types) can be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A placeholder test for other sub-pages, such as the `BlogIndexPage`, ready for implementation.
```

This test is not actually implemented at the start so we should be clear about this.

**Update** - maybe we just remove this placeholder test, which just fails, to avoid confusion.

> #### Running the Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Running the tests
```

To run the tests, navigate to your project folder and run:

```sh

> python manage.py test home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python manage.py test
```

Would we not just recommend the generic test command? New developers may get confused if they have a different app name or move this later and it's not in the `home` module.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more about testing within Django see ..., or Wagtail specific unit testing utils, see ...
```

Let's add cross links to the Django docs & the Wagtail docs.
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/topics/testing/overview/

Be sure to use the correct linking mechanism in the docs, not just raw URLs. See https://docs.wagtail.org/en/stable/contributing/documentation_guidelines.html#links
